Name|Autograder ID (XXX)|Score|Comment
Aaron John|154|22|Aaron worked on and completed the File Operation Syscalls portion of the design doc. He also implemented all the corresponding syscalls and did extensive testing and debugging. His contribution in testing is particularly important because many other syscalls depend on the correct implementation of the write syscall. The File System Syscalls portion is critical to the rest of the project, and Aaron's commitment ensured the syscalls functioned well with the rest of the code. Without his effort, it would have been hard to test the functionality of the rest of the code. The File System Syscalls portion is also significantly longer than the Floating Point Operation Portion and requires more time, so this is why I think Aaron deserves more points than others.
Raj Thota|189|19|Raj was responsible for the Floating Point Operation portion of the project. He worked on both the design and implementation of all the Floating Point Operation portion. His design is well-structured and integrates well into the system. Beyond his solid work on the design doc, he also implemented the core floating point operation code. He did extensive testing and debugging to ensure his code functioned correctly. In addition, he wrote out one custom test in the design doc and explained how to create it in detail. While his contribution to the project is evident, the Floating Point Operations portion is significantly shorter than the File Operation Syscalls portion, so this is why I decided Raj received less points than Aaron.
Tony Nguyen|321|19|Tony was involved in coming up with design ideas for the Argument Passing and Process Control Syscalls portions of the project. He summarized the important ideas in the project spec and the Pintos doc, and his feedback on potential issues during the design discussion contributed to the overall integrity of the project. He also reviewed the implementation and checked the code for potential bugs. In addition, he collaborated with Aaron to test and debug on the file system syscalls when Aaron was wrapping up this portion. Beyond that, Tony wrote the two custom tests for tell and seek syscalls. While Tony's involvement in providing feedback and testing is profound, he did not work on writing the code itself, so this is why I think Tony deserves less points than Aaron. 
